hey guys on the marryin today I'm gonna
teach you how to play the beginning part
2 if everyone cared about Nickelback
before you get started though on the
tunings and drop D so you want your E
string your D string to ring out
together like that most nickels back
songs are actually in drop D but on them
today
it's then kind of stretch your fingers a
little bit for first bit but it's pretty
simple I guess first you use your top
three strings
the top three strings and you bar the
fourth fret on all of them and then what
you do you go one two three two
and then you take your middle finger put
it on this six then you could use your
ring finger your pinky whichever one you
just can stretch better with go up to
the seventh like so it sounds like this
and then you go up to the seventh you
bar the seventh on all three of them and
then you do the same motion one two
three two you go to the ninth and then
to the seventh on the third string alone
so like this you go down to the second
fret and you bar all of them on there
you go again one two three two and then
you put your middle finger your ring
finger on to the fourth and hold you go
back up to the fourth fret and bottom
one two three - then you go six and then
back to four alone so should sound like
this
I hope this helped a little bit um
I will just do videos as I go I'm not
gonna have him on a specific schedule so
I'll just do them as I go I might even
have another one up tonight so alright
I'm out peace